Who attended De La Salle High School?
Who played on their high school hockey team?
Whose favourite colours to wear in early elementary school years were pink and purple?
Who doesn’t like to eat bananas?
Who dressed as a pumpkin one year for Hallowe’en?
Whose first car was a Mazda 3?
Who lived in Montreal for 9 months?
Who had a treehouse in their back yard growing up?
Who has paddled a racing canoe, a racing kayak, a war canoe and a dragonboat?
Who likes snowboarding?
Who had a black bear visit their campsite?
Whose comfort food was grilled cheese sandwiches?
Who usually brought soup to school for lunch?
Whose great-great-grand uncle was one of the Fathers of Confederation?
Whose grandparents were born in New Brunswick?
Whose great grandparents had a dairy farm?
Who worked for the City of Ottawa?
Who worked at Tim Hortons?
Who brought in a tree stump where a beaver had chewed for show-and-tell?
Who has travelled to Greece?
Who had a deep fear of mascots?
Who loved to play the game Hungry Hungry Hippos?
Whose favourite ride at Disney was It’s a Small World?
Who had a Christmas stocking knitted by their Grandmother?
Whose favourite Easter candy is a Cadbury Cream Egg?
Who has cousins living in Mississauga?
Who has cousins living in Vancouver?
Who is allergic to cats?
Who had great school marks in art classes?
Who was chatty on the hockey bench?
Who had wavy hair when they where a baby?
Who held on the bicycle handle bars afraid of falling off the bike leaving imprints on their hands?
Who was a great hockey defence of player?
Who hated running or jogging?
Who called their parent abusive when they tried to introduce themto the roller coasters?
Who used to have their mouth open during an intense activity?
Who motivated their parents to paint their house?
Who made their parents move their furniture during the coldest day of February?
Who does not like watermelon?
Who drives a Mazda 3?
Who did roller derby?
Who is the first one into bed at night?
Who does most of the laundry?
Who is the most organized?
Who has the bigger wardrobe?
Who is the best dancer?
Who snores the loudest?
Who gets scared easiest?
Whose favourite meal is breakfast?
Whose favourite drink is coffee?
Whose favourite place to visit is Picton?
Whose favourite thing to do on their day off is catch up on housework?
Whose dream vacation is South East Asia?
Whose favourite singer is Owen Pallett?
Whose favourite animal is a Japanese Macaque?
Who took keyboard lessons?
Who has been to Disney World three times?
Who works in energy conservation at Hydro Ottawa?
Who is a Sagittarius?
Whose middle name starts with an L?