Whose favourite colour is orange?
Whose favourite snack is popcorn?
Who played the trumpet?
Who has the most sports related injuries?
Who has a childhood collection of stuffed toy monkeys?
Who has a large hockey card collection?
Who is the creator of bicycle-themed art?
Whose first summer job was picking strawberries?
Who graduated from Carleton University?
Who skied at Whistler B.C.?
Whose middle initial is C?
Who built their own boat?
Who stepped on a rake as a child?
Who has gross toenails?
Who had a pet named Spike?
Who played at "the big tree" as a child?
Who made skating rinks in the backyard?
Who drove a three-wheeler?
Who built a fort/cabin and slept in it?
Who didn't like stuffed animals in their bed because they took up too much room?
Who built a car?
Who super glued their fingers together?
Who had a sunflower garden as a child?
Who took piano lessons?
Who was an excellent break dancer?
Who could live off of popcorn?
Who has had shoulder surgery?
Who has had knee surgery?
Who has participated in a rib eating contest?
Who had the yellow cup as a child?
Who was once the subject of show and tell?
Who built their own bicycle one piece at a time?
Who drives like a race car driver everyday?
Who loves nacho cheese sauce?
Who is the captain of their hockey team?
Who has family living in Midland?
Who has been to Disney World twice?
Who once received a ham as a Christmas present?
Who owned a dirt bike?
Who drives a Mazda 6?
Who learned to drive on a Toyota Tercel?
Who has been to PEI twice?
Whose dad was born in Midland?
Who is older?
Who owns a Napolean Dynamite dance moves floor mat?
Who is the better cook?
Who takes out the garbage?
Who is the last one out of bed in the morning?
Who takes a longer shower?
Who controls the TV remote?
Who does the dishes?
Who is the most forgetful?
Who has the smelliest feet?
Whose favourite meal is nachos?
Whose favourite meal is coke?
Whose favourite place to visit is Mill Street?
Whose favourite thing to do on a day off is sleep in?
Whose dream vacation is Central America?
Whose favourite band/singer is Said The Whale?
Whose favourite animal is a dog?